ok then we will resume with a piece
it's a composition of 2 are you
wanted a composition there it's a
composition it's us that we see it there
it's nice what first I had
afraid I was petrified I did not think
you know I did not think
to be able to get out without you my sides
and I spent so much time
ask what I did wrong but
it's over I do not have my little one
pain to nan it goes away strong you're a
bastard the worst kind
and all you deserve is a
good pair of office slaps
I should have changed the locks or
tire out your car if I had
could you imagine that you would come back
get pissed off fuck me slap her
door no do not do that you know well
but it does not matter to me could have been born
the skates I made the floor this morning
you sometimes see me wrong
now not see but not you I
survivrai will survive if it's in the
child's eyes
oh yes it's caroline you go in circles
you're going to sing like deco for the
carnage choice to avoid the song to
stop now
so there any effort of imagination rice
for the next you have to imagine that
we are good sisters and yes
it's not very hard at the convent and you
are the choir so we will need
from you grandchildren
so the lyrics is where heller is
that ok to you
ok now people at home very
Well no
with all these blogs have their franc
regards north would be in love with
gatekeeper does not have if war the
other jackets but this one is
the one she likes and even if there is
nothing belly all this is not very
old
yes I know I love but it is not
that reindeer and nursery rhymes bring me a
deer I feel all thing even though I
he is not beautiful
he knows that I must remain virgin and pure
like a rose she m
even if it is not very pious she
love she likes because he has a beautiful nose
when he visits me an llm because he has
a big jacket
so when I do that we cut the sound
we do the last
yeah leads her alone in her cell she
do his prayer but not to our father
we are not created from it
always the same aubazine dondaine
every day with sorrows she tells us
squeeze the spine
yes I know my sisters this is my
misfortune and when I see him at work
my little heart pines he lifts the
barrier and I help him to echo
passes the back of the train I show him
mine
no i'm leaving lml m
and when he does the quest the aisne they me
show his cap
every day I repeat that he has beautiful
flac wheels
m
our mother superior wants to put the
hello to all and tralala that make him
really a little afraid that now the
cloister is well locked for the
sophro peace also for his fiancé at
over months
I know that I threw myself into the
mare lnh and his right arm
Paris
la la la la la la